// --------------------------------------------------------------- 
// Copyright (c) the Gulchekhra Burkhonova
// INDIVIDUAL MENTORSHIP Program with Gulchekhra at Exadel
// ---------------------------------------------------------------

Question: About HTTP response status codes.
Answer:
	
		HTTP response status codes are three-digit codes that indicate the result of an HTTP request. 
		The first digit of the status code indicates the general class of the response,
		while the remaining two digits provide more specific information.

		The five general classes of HTTP response status codes are:

		1xx: Informational responses indicate that the request was received and is being processed.
		2xx: Success responses indicate that the request was successfully received, understood, and accepted.
		3xx: Redirection responses indicate that the client should take additional action in order to complete the request.
		4xx: Client error responses indicate that the client has erred.
		5xx: Server error responses indicate that the server has erred.
		Here are some examples of HTTP response status codes:

		200 OK: The request was successful and the resource was found.
		301 Moved Permanently: The requested resource has been moved to a new location.
		400 Bad Request: The request was malformed and could not be understood by the server.
		500 Internal Server Error: The server encountered an unexpected error and was unable to fulfill the request.
		HTTP response status codes are an important part of the HTTP protocol. They allow clients and servers 
		to communicate with each other in a clear and concise way.

		Here are some additional details about HTTP response status codes:

		1xx: Informational responses are used to inform the client that the request has been received and is being processed.
		These responses are typically used for temporary conditions, such as when the server is still loading a resource.
		2xx: Success responses are used to inform the client that the request was successfully received, understood, and accepted.
		These responses are typically used for permanent conditions, such as when a resource has been successfully retrieved.
		3xx: Redirection responses are used to inform the client that they should take additional action in order to complete the request.
		These responses are typically used for temporary conditions, such as when the resource has been moved to a new location.
		4xx: Client error responses are used to inform the client that they have erred. These responses are typically used for permanent conditions
		, such as when the client has requested a resource that does not exist.
		5xx: Server error responses are used to inform the client that the server has erred. 
		These responses are typically used for temporary conditions, such as when the server is experiencing a technical problem.
		The HTTP response status codes are an important part of the HTTP protocol. 
		They allow clients and servers to communicate with each other in a clear and concise way.