// --------------------------------------------------------------- 
// Copyright (c) the Gulchekhra Burkhonova
// INDIVIDUAL MENTORSHIP Program with Gulchekhra at Exadel
// ---------------------------------------------------------------

Question: About HTTP verbs (Get, Post …).
Answer:
	HTTP verbs are the methods used to specify the action 
	that the client wants the server to perform. The most common HTTP verbs are:

		GET: This verb is used to retrieve a resource.
		POST: This verb is used to create a new resource.
		PUT: This verb is used to update an existing resource.
		DELETE: This verb is used to delete an existing resource.
		Other less common HTTP verbs include:

		HEAD: This verb is used to get the headers of a resource without getting the body.
		OPTIONS: This verb is used to get the supported methods for a resource.
		CONNECT: This verb is used to establish a tunnel to a remote server.
		TRACE: This verb is used to echo back the request headers to the client.
		The HTTP verb is specified in the request line of an HTTP message. For example,
		the following request line uses the GET verb to retrieve the resource /index.html:

		Code snippet
		GET /index.html HTTP/1.1
		Use code with caution. Learn more
		The HTTP verb is used by the server to determine what action to take. For example,
		if the server receives a GET request for /index.html, it will return the contents of the file /index.html.
		If the server receives a POST request for /index.html, it will create a new file with the contents of the request body.

		The HTTP verb is an important part of the HTTP protocol.
		It allows clients and servers to communicate with each other in a clear and concise way.

		Here are some additional details about the HTTP verbs:

		GET: The GET verb is used to retrieve a resource. It is the most common HTTP verb and is used to request web pages, images, files, and other resources.
		POST: The POST verb is used to create a new resource. It is used to submit forms, upload files, and create new objects in a database.
		PUT: The PUT verb is used to update an existing resource. It is used to replace the contents of a file or object.
		DELETE: The DELETE verb is used to delete an existing resource. It is used to remove a file, object, or other resource from the server.
		The HTTP verbs are used to define the purpose of an HTTP request. The server uses the HTTP verb to determine how to respond to the request.