// --------------------------------------------------------------- 
// Copyright (c) the Gulchekhra Burkhonova
// INDIVIDUAL MENTORSHIP Program with Gulchekhra at Exadel
// ---------------------------------------------------------------

Question: What is HTTP protocol?
Answer:
		 HTTP, or Hypertext Transfer Protocol, is the underlying protocol that allows the World Wide Web to function.
		 It is a set of rules for how computers communicate with each other over the internet. HTTP is a stateless protocol,
		 which means that each request from a client to a server is independent of any previous requests. This makes it efficient
		 for handling large numbers of concurrent connections.

		HTTP requests are made up of two parts: a request line and a message body.
		The request line specifies the method, the URI, and the HTTP version. The method tells the server what action to take,
		such as GET (retrieve a resource), POST (create a resource), PUT (update a resource), or DELETE (delete a resource).
		The URI identifies the resource that the client is requesting.
		The HTTP version specifies the version of the HTTP protocol that the client is using.

		The message body is optional and can be used to send additional data to the server.
		The message body can be used to send data such as form data, file uploads, or JSON objects.

		HTTP responses are also made up of two parts: a status line and a message body.
		The status line specifies the HTTP version, the status code, and the reason phrase.
		The status code indicates whether the request was successful, failed, or redirected.
		The reason phrase provides a human-readable explanation of the status code.

		The message body is optional and can be used to send additional data to the client.
		The message body can be used to send data such as the requested resource, error messages, or JSON objects.

		HTTP is a simple and efficient protocol that is the foundation of the World Wide Web.
		It is used by web browsers, web servers, and other applications to communicate with each other over the internet.

		Here are some of the key features of HTTP:

		It is a stateless protocol.
		It is a text-based protocol.
		It is a request-response protocol.
		It is a connectionless protocol.
		It is a reliable protocol.
		HTTP is a widely used protocol and is supported by all major web browsers and web servers.
		It is also supported by many other applications, such as FTP, email, and file sharing programs.

		HTTP is a critical part of the internet and enables the exchange of information between computers all over the world.