// --------------------------------------------------------------- 
// Copyright (c) the Gulchekhra Burkhonova
// INDIVIDUAL MENTORSHIP Program with Gulchekhra at Exadel
// ---------------------------------------------------------------

Qusetion: About HTTP request, response structure.
Answer:
			An HTTP request is a message that is sent from a client to a server.
			It is used to request a resource, such as a web page, image, or file. 
			The request message consists of a request line, headers, and a message body.

		The request line specifies the method, the URI, and the HTTP version. 
		The method tells the server what action to take, such as GET (retrieve a resource),
		POST (create a resource), PUT (update a resource), or DELETE (delete a resource).
		The URI identifies the resource that the client is requesting. The HTTP version specifies the
		version of the HTTP protocol that the client is using.

		The headers are used to pass additional information with the request. Some common headers include:

		Accept: This header specifies the MIME types that the client can accept.
		User-Agent: This header specifies the name and version of the client.
		Referer: This header specifies the URL of the page that linked to the current page.
		Cookie: This header is used to pass cookies from the client to the server.
		The message body is optional and can be used to send additional data to the server. 
		The message body can be used to send data such as form data, file uploads, or JSON objects.

		An HTTP response is a message that is sent from a server to a client.
		It is used to respond to a request, such as a web page, image, or file.
		The response message consists of a status line, headers, and a message body.

		The status line specifies the HTTP version, the status code, and the reason phrase. 
		The status code indicates whether the request was successful, failed, or redirected. 
		The reason phrase provides a human-readable explanation of the status code.

		The headers are used to pass additional information with the response. Some common headers include:

		Content-Type: This header specifies the MIME type of the response body.
		Content-Length: This header specifies the length of the response body in bytes.
		Location: This header specifies the new URL of the resource, if the request was redirected.
		Set-Cookie: This header is used to set cookies on the client.
		The message body is the actual data that is being returned by the server. 
		The message body can be a web page, image, file, or any other type of data.

		The structure of HTTP requests and responses is defined by the HTTP specification. 
		The HTTP specification is a document that defines the syntax and semantics of the HTTP protocol.
		The HTTP specification is maintained by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF).