// --------------------------------------------------------------- 
// Copyright (c) the Gulchekhra Burkhonova
// INDIVIDUAL MENTORSHIP Program with Gulchekhra at Exadel
// ---------------------------------------------------------------

Question: About HTTP protocol versions.
Answer: 
	HTTP has four versions:

		HTTP/0.9: This was the original version of HTTP and was released in 1991.
		It was a very simple protocol that only supported the GET method and did not support any headers.

		HTTP/1.0: This version of HTTP was released in 1996 and added support for more methods, 
		including POST, HEAD, and PUT. It also added support for headers, 
		which are used to pass additional information with requests and responses.

		HTTP/1.1: This version of HTTP was released in 1997 and added a number of new features,
		including persistent connections, pipelining, and caching.
		Persistent connections allow multiple requests to be sent over the same connection,
		which can improve performance. Pipelining allows multiple requests to be sent without waiting for the responses,
		which can also improve performance. Caching allows web browsers to store copies of resources 
		on their local hard drives, which can improve performance by reducing the number of requests 
		that need to be made to the server.

		HTTP/2: This version of HTTP was released in 2015 and adds a number of new features, 
		including header compression, multiplexing, and server push. Header compression reduces the size of HTTP headers,
		which can improve performance by reducing the amount of data that needs to be sent over the network.
		Multiplexing allows multiple requests to be sent over the same connection simultaneously,
		which can improve performance by increasing the amount of data that can be sent over the network
		in a given amount of time. Server push allows the server to send resources 
		to the client before the client requests them, which can improve performance by reducing the amount of time
		that the client needs to wait for resources.

		HTTP/2 is the most recent version of HTTP and is supported by most modern web browsers and web servers.
		It is recommended that developers use HTTP/2 whenever possible to improve the performance of their web applications.